so here we are at one of my coon feeders
this is how I build my tenancy there's a
get a big tractor tire usually give them
from a tire place they're free they're
usually happy for you to haul them all
but as you can see the Coons have been
coming in here pretty heavily and with
the tire once the killing gets in there
you can see a good wet foot on the tire
and it's a good place to start a young
dog because you can put them on a really
hot track we use our corn we just fill
the tire full of soured corn like that
and the Coons go crazy over it and as
you can see the Coons have really been
hitting this one heavy this works really
good for us around here we're about a
hundred yards off of a beaver pond and
it holds just enough corn that you don't
have to come to it all the time so it
worked out good
this is another type of Coon feeder
we're using in Florida this is just your
basic bucket feeder it has the advantage
of being tough they're cheap they're
easy to make and it keeps the corn off
of the ground where you don't have to
worry about coyotes and other critters
eating it and one thing you want to
remember especially in the south is when
you come around your feeders you're
gonna have rats and stuff wherever
there's corn so it's a good place to
find a rattlesnake so in warm weather
you really have to watch out for snakes
it's a perfect way to get started
feeding your Coons and it's really cheap
here we are another one of my feeders
and this is basically a twenty five
gallon container the reason I use these
is it hard-to-reach places where I don't
get to come to them a lot because they
hold a lot of corn and if you've got
heavy Coons coming to your buckets it's
better to use a big container like this
you can put a large amount of corn in it
and you don't have to worry about it for
a while again one of the things you
worry about around here would be snakes
snakes are always gonna be around your
feeders especially in the south we're
here in Florida and the corn is gonna
attract rats and rats obviously attract
snakes so you want to be careful around